Question 5.2.2. Question 2. Domain and Range.
For each of the following graphs. state the domain and range.
Line with arrows both ends
Straight line with arrows — extends infinitely.
Domain: x in the real numbers. Range: y in the real numbers
Curve with minimum at (-2. 1)
The curve has a minimum point. meaning y values start at 1 and go up.
Domain: x in the real numbers. Range: y greater than or equal to 1
Polynomial through (-5. 7) and (3. 4) with arrows
With arrows on both sides. both domain and range cover all reals.
Domain: x in the real numbers. Range: y in the real numbers
IB exam tip: For parabolas: opens up → range y greater than or equal
to vertex; opens down → range y less than or equal to vertex.